c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\kinect2_nidaq.exe.config
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\kinect2_nidaq.exe
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\kinect2_nidaq.pdb
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\kinect2_nidaq_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\kinect2_nidaq_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\kinect2_nidaq.g.resources
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\kinect2_nidaq.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\kinect2_nidaq.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\kinect2_nidaq.exe
c:\users\dattalab\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\obj\Release\kinect2_nidaq.pdb
C:\Users\dattalab\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\AForge.dll
C:\Users\dattalab\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\dattalab\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
C:\Users\dattalab\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\NationalInstruments.DAQmx.dll
C:\Users\dattalab\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\AForge.xml
C:\Users\dattalab\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\dattalab\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
C:\Users\dattalab\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\kinect2_nidaq\kinect2_nidaq\bin\Release\NationalInstruments.DAQmx.xml
